Humph
What if you don't like it?
you
How dare you hit me?
I wanted to kill you in the ring
But if you're in a hurry
I don't mind fulfilling you
Xie Jun report
Seventh level also dares to threaten Lao Tzu
How about asking the Ming Dynasty?
Elder Xu, you came just in time
This Suspense Dao Palace person is too arrogant
I saw it all
Whose disciple are you?
Respect the teacher Xuanyi Palace Tianxiang Hall Elder Huo Lingzi humph
It turned out to be Huo Lingzi's apprentice
You tell Huo Lingzi
If he can't discipline his apprentice
I can do it for you.
Senior's words
I must represent
You have something else to do
junior
retire
Chen Qiaoqian, I'm going to order
But before that
I don't mind having him first.
I've seen a lot of arrogant people like you
In the end they all died
You will be no exception
Hahaha, see you in the ring.
Elder Xu is too arrogant
He entered Beijing before the age of 25
Naturally, there is an arrogant capital
Even so
You can't bully the weak
law of the jungle
Strength is not respected
This is the path that cultivates feelings and is more constant
If you don't agree
You have to become stronger than him
Let someone arrange it.
Game 1
I want to be in the same ring as that woman
reject me
Then I will destroy you